[♪ gentle music playing]
[gate buzzer blares]
Mr. Manigan,
I'm sure you are well aware
this is your last shot.
You're a two-time offender.
Why should anyone believe
anything you say at this point?
[board member 1] Would you take
the durag off, please?
Yes, ma'am.
I've done the work on myself,
and I know I'm, uh,
I'm still a-- a work in progress.
[board member 3] Please tell us,
what are your plans for your life?
More importantly, are you able to express
genuine contrition?
[board member 2] Mr. Manigan,
do you know what contrition is?
It's being sorry for what I've done.
And I am.
Very sorry.
I buried my eldest son
during my time in here.
And I'd like to get home
to my youngest
so the same thing
don't happen to him.
I need to get back to Southeast.
At least try to do some good.
Not a day go by that I don't feel
an overwhelming sense of guilt.
I'm damaged, I know that.
But I'm still useful.
[board member 2]
What about boxing?
I'm sure there's a lot
that you have left to offer.
I don't know.
To be honest, I lost the love for it.
Haunts me more than anything.
[loud student chatter]
[over intercom] Attention, students,
don't forget to sign up in your homeroom
for the Fall Festival Talent Show.
Don't miss your chance to win
lots of fun prizes.
-[♪ Twin rapping]
-[♪ Quincey beatboxing]
♪ It's not a problem, it's a fact ♪
♪ Three plus zero,
no joke no need to react ♪
♪ I see you tryna act tough ♪
♪ Everything a sham
everything is a bluff ♪
♪ I get it you just wanna be like me ♪
♪ But the only problem is
your IQ is three ♪
[crowd exclaiming]
Yo, man.
[loud student chatter continues]
[school bell ringing]
[♪ bright uplifting music playing]
[♪ bright uplifting music
continues playing]
[drawer clattering]
[keys jingling]
[♪ bright uplifting music
continues playing]
[friends chattering indistinctly]
I'll do it. Which key?
[both chatting excitedly]
Dang, whoa!
Dang!
Hey, get up here! Get up here!
[both grunting]
[both groaning playfully]
[distant siren wailing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
I wanna have this conversation
with you, I do, I just--
I can't right now, I got a lot...
-I got-- I got stuff to do.
-Ketta. Ketta, stop.
-Stop, please.
-No, I...
I'll stop.
Well, now you gotta start.
Um...
I wanna see my son.
That's what you want?
[Walt] That's not what I'm saying.
I mean, I...
Come on, Ketta.
I'm-- I'm not the enemy.
[Ketta] Walt, you don't get
to just re-insert yourself.
I know.
I know, I know.
You gotta put in the work.
You gotta...
let go of that part of yourself
that only know how to destroy.
Come on, baby,
don't-- don't say that.
I thought-- I thought-- I thought--
I thought you was past all that.
[Ketta] Are you?
You got some place to stay?
-[Walt] I wanna come home.
-No, I'm not-- I'm not--
I'm not saying
you can stay here, I'm just--
Please.
Can I come home?
Walt, you gotta do the work first.
Okay?
Wait, wait, Ketta.
Ketta.
I love you.
I know you do.
Ketta.
Ketta, hold up.
[car starting]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[students chattering]
[Slim]
...gotta get our legs strong enough.
So, one more time, we're gonna do
a one-minute drill on the kicks.
Kick from your hip, and go!
Make sure-- get a splash,
I wanna see a splash!
-That's it.
-[water splashing]
Keep going.
Keep going, make sure you kick.
That's it, good job.
[people chattering]
[video game playing]
[person coughing]
[computer keys clacking]
Bruh, you good?
Uh, not really.
[computer keys clacking]
-[computer dings]
-Got it.
-Thanks, man.
-You're welcome.
[quietly muttering]
[children shouting outside]
-Get off me, man!
-[loud thwack]
-[♪ intense music playing]
-[kid] Don't take my shoes, please!
-Please!
-[Walt] Hey!
[kid groaning]
Hey, little man, you alright?
Come on, get up.
Hey, even if you lose, man,
you gotta fight back.
You hear me?
Come on.
You'll be alright.
Hey!
Uh-uh. Get him outta here.
Hey, come on, bruh.
He need some love.
Peroxide and some Band-Aids.
All the youngs know,
you fight out there,
you don't fight in here.
He wasn't fighting, they jumped him.
The kid don't even know
how to defend himself, man.
I saw the whole thing
from the computer lab.
The computer lab? Who are you?
I'm Walt.
[kids grunting playfully]
-Hyah!
-[Slim] Hey!
Tidy it up in here!
[Quincey] Our bad, Slim.
Dang!
This boy-boy got the face
beat off him!
[Twin] They got him
for his Krispy Kremes too!
[both laughing]
[Slim] Hey, I'm not telling you again.
[Quincey] Let us put
the gloves on then, man!
-I teach boxing, not clowning.
-[Twin] We ready, Slim.
Let us show you
these hands, big bruh.
You all about that fight life, little guy.
Come on, Slim!
-Slim, please! We serious!
-We ready!
[Slim] One condition.
You take little Bruce Leroy here
under your wing.
Every time you in the gym,
he in the gym with you.
And if y'all ain't together,
nobody boxing.
And you.
You walked him in here.
I'm expecting you to help me
train him, Coach.
-[softly] Whoa, he just said "Coach!"
-[Walt] Hey, man.
I, uh, I came here
to use a computer.
-I ain't no damn babysitter.
-I know who you are.
Now, don't just be
coming here using.
My philosophy, we pay it forward.
You take, you give it back.
Hey, good luck with that.
[car horn blaring, traffic droning]
Stay as long as you need, okay?
-[door bell jingling]
-[Turk] Yo, Lee.
Let me get a coffee.
You know it's supposed to be me and you,
right, my beautiful queen?
Your mouth stay talking slick, Turk.
Then, tell me you still love me,
I'll give you a big tip.
I'm gonna text Tisha,
tell her you in here getting fresh.
Mm!
Your beautiful self.
-[♪ music playing faintly]
-[Turk sniffling]
Walt! My dawg!
What's good?
You out, out?
Uh, yeah. Early.
Ah, they let you out early?
Alright, Black man.
It's good to see you. You straight?
-Yeah, I'm cool.
-Alright.
Hey, hey, uh, Turk.
It's good to see you, man.
Good to see you too, Walt.
Be safe.
Yo, Lee!
-[Turk] Believe in us, babe.
-[Lee] Boy, bye.
[Turk laughing]
[paper rustling]
Hey. Hey, Turk.
Closed mouths don't get fed, Walt.
What up?
Look, man, uh, if you could, uh,
if you could help me out, man,
-I'd-- I'd really appreciate it.
-By the look at that penitentiary bag,
it look like you looking for a place
to shit, shower, and shave.
But I might be able to get you
a job on the crew.
-You mean like a job, job?
-[Turk] Yeah.
We always looking for guys.
It's backbreaking work,
but get you a few dollars.
Would you look out like that, man, for me?
Man, Walt, you know how
much you mean to us, man?
That gym, them kids,
you saved a lot of lives, man.
So, if you asking me for help,
hell yeah, say less.
Shit, when I got out,
it took me like a year to get shit going.
You know?
We don't exist to them.
I ain't trying to see
nobody go through that.
Turk.
Thank you, man.
Yeah, man.
Look, you know I'ma ask you
'cause everybody wondering.
They gonna ask
the same thing, alright?
You get them demons out
while you was in there?
Hey, man, I'm beyond it.
Three years.
Alright, man.
Hey, we working.
[♪ brooding music playing]
[car honks loudly]
[♪ brooding music continues]
[♪ music fades out]
Gee me. Walt?
Walt!
-[chuckles]
-That's you!
-Hey, yo, man.
-[sighs]
Ain't nobody but me, man.
[Coach Mac sighs]
Walt, how come you ain't ring
on somebody's phone,
tell somebody something?
Man, you know
I don't wanna be no bother.
Shit.
You, uh, you got some--
somewhere to sleep?
Since you're asking, I don't, Coach.
I really, I think I just need
a couple days just to get myself right.
If that's alright.
Um, I'm...
I'm sorry, Walt.
She-- she ain't gonna allow it.
-I understand.
-[Delores] Mac?
Who is that?
Uh, baby, it's, uh, that's-- it's Walt.
Just got home.
Hey, Miss Delores,
how you-- how you doing?
So, what is it gonna be
this time, Walter?
Take care of my son.
Get my life together.
I'm expecting you to keep your word.
You ain't gotta tell me twice, Coach.
Hey, it's good seeing you.
-Alright.
[footsteps approaching]
[grunting]
[Slim] Looks like you got that thing.
What thing would that be?
[exhales sharply]
[box thuds]
[Slim] Like you got nowhere to go.
But this gym keeps calling you.
How long they sit you down for?
Gave me five.
Did three and a half.
Yeah.
Well, heads up.
Don't get too attached to this place.
City budget cuts are coming,
and ain't got too many places
for these kids to go.
I'm doing the best I can
to keep the lights on.
But they gonna close it.
[Slim grunts]
Just like they close everything else.
You know, I'm guessing...
you searching for answers
for yourself.
I need a lot more than answers.
We got a lot of guys
around here back from a bid...
needing the computer.
None of 'em
got the boxing knowledge you got.
That's for sure. Ooh.
Yeah.
I'm guessing...
you some type of valued asset.
[Walt chuckles softly]
-[chuckles] Crazy.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Ahh.
Come on.
Welcome to the presidential suite.
I sleep in here some nights.
But I have a home, you don't.
-[items thudding and sliding]
-[Slim grunting]
Anything in that closet is yours.
The locker room shower
and shitter in here gets it done.
And it, uh, has a few...
minutes left.
[keys jingling]
The only thing is...
when I lock up for the night,
you in here till the morning.
-We clear on that?
-Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah.
[door slams shut]
[door lock clacking]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[wincing]
[sighs]
[grunts sharply]
-[keys jingling]
-[door lock clacking]
[light switch clicking]
Top of the morning to you!
Let's roll.
[Walt]
Man. [groaning]
My back keeps locking up.
-What time is it?
-Time for you to earn your keep.
-That's what the clock say.
-[keys jingling]
[whispering] Oh, man.
[sighs]
Shit.
Hey, hey, man, I need to use
the computer lab real quick.
[Slim] This ain't no internet cafe.
Gym now, computer later.
[Walt] Come on, bruh.
It's my life we talking about.
[Slim] Yeah, I know.
-[sweeper thuds]
-If you don't mind,
place is a bit dusty.
Man, I ain't no janitor.
What?
Room and board ain't free.
We work around here.
Fair exchange. Ain't no robbery.
[Walt clicking tongue,
whispering indistinctly]
[sucking teeth]
[Ketta]
How you adjusting, Peanut?
You liking your teachers
and your classes?
What happened to your face?
I got jumped.
They stole my sneakers.
[Ketta] Well, did you report it?
Don't work like that, Miss Ketta.
Best to keep your mouth shut
so you don't got no more problems.
Young man, look at me.
Look at me.
In this life, win or lose,
you don't ever back down
to somebody harming you,
you understand?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Sometimes you gotta be a lion
in order to be the lamb you are.
You been able to make
any new friends?
-There's some homies.
-[Ketta] Yeah? [chuckles]
They seem cool.
But it's hard, Miss Ketta.
"No new friends" is real!
Think I'm gonna try boxing.
I know a little something about that.
I believe you'd make
a good fighter, Peanut.
[chuckles]
There something else
you wanna run by me?
How do I talk to girls?
[computer keys clacking]
[computer mouse sliding
and clicking]
[computer chimes]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[Walt exhales]
[Slim] Word of advice.
Checking that thing every hour
ain't gonna change your life overnight.
You know, I did everything
you asked me to.
You can save your lecture
for them young boys.
I ain't your enemy.
And neither are them kids.
Lean in, Walt.
[Walt sighs]
Take a punch to give a punch.
Remember...
[sighs] Shit.
-Alright.
-[Slim scoffs softly]
...a watched clock never moves.
[keys jingling]
[clock ticking]
[ticking continues]
[ticking echoing]
-♪ Ay! ♪
-[school bell ringing]
[♪ "No Dayz Off"
by Kairo X Sha'Ki playing]
♪ We don't follow rules,
we not like the rest ♪
♪ Type to break a record
and won't break a sweat ♪
♪ Heard your last attempt,
we wasn't feeling that ♪
♪ It's over, man, no novocaine,
it's time to bring the feeling back ♪
♪ It's on ♪
♪ Chilling in the future, we gone ♪
♪ Sicker than penicillin,
you want it, you go and get it ♪
♪ Till the end, never quitting,
something you gotta witness ♪
♪ Gotta go make a difference,
gotta complete the mission ♪
♪ It's done ♪
[Slim] Come on, spread out, spread out.
Right there, right there.
Alright, decide what you gonna do.
That's it. Good job, good job.
[line ringing]
[Ketta] [on voicemail] Hey, it's Ketta.
Leave me a message.
[Slim] That's it, keep your balance.
And back.
Keep your balance, knees bent.
That's it. That's it.
Slip. Let me get a slip.
That's good. There you go.
Combination like that. Alright.
Good balance.
Keep your balance.
Stop, center.
Go back.
To the center. That's it, and fold.
Alright. Combo.
[kids exhaling sharply]
[Slim] Yeah, that's it.
There you go. Back.
Back and slip.
Come on. Hook.
Give me a combo. One, two.
Keep your back. Back.
And combo right there.
And back up.
Back, back, back.
Back. Combo!
One, two, three.
Yo, what's up with janitor dude?
[Slim] Time! Gather 'round.
You have no idea who that man is.
It ain't that serious, Slim.
You act like he Bud Crawford
or somebody.
[Slim] He wasn't no fighter.
He was just the best boxing coach
Southeast has ever known.
Now, I watched my old boxing film
and studied my books.
But what Walt got,
you ain't gonna find in no books.
His life is like one of them ESPN
30 for 30 documentaries, y'all.
If he's so great,
why don't he train nobody no more?
Bruh, that was a double negative
you just used.
-So what?
-[Twin sighs]
It ain't my place
to tell you his story.
Hmm.
Alright, that's it for today.
Y'all got some badass feet.
Go on home.
Keep an eye on each other's back
when y'all hit that block.
Go ahead.
[running footsteps, sneakers squeaking]
Lord have mercy.
Hey.
Slim say you used to be great.
That true, OG?
A long time ago.
Nobody remembers the corner man,
just the fighter.
I best, uh, keep it moving.
Whatever happened to you,
I'm really sorry, Coach.
Don't need to be sorry for me.
And call me Walt. You?
Peanut.
[Walt] Peanut?
Why they call you Peanut?
Oh, I see it now.
[chuckles] Big-ass head.
[Peanut chuckles]
[Walt chuckles]
[Peanut]
What you think about training me?
I could be your next champion.
Just stick with Slim,
he'll show you what to do.
I done lost the love for it anyway,
but hey, hey.
Ain't nothing wrong with you.
Remember that.
For someone who ain't interested
in boxing no more...
then why you keep showing up?
I mean, like,
your whole demeanor towards me
is giving depressing at best, bruh.
Give me the same energy
I give you, OG.
-[door opens]
-[Twin and Quincey laughing]
-Mm.
-Oh. This dude.
How it look you some
sort of boxing legend
cleaning shitty toilets?
Hey, watch your mouth.
Why don't you use
that same tough guy energy
to watch your friend's back,
young muscles?
Hey, ain't no disrespect, lil shorties.
Alright.
[♪ gentle music playing]
[computer keys clacking]
[computer chimes]
[both exhaling sharply]
-[line ringing]
-[Ketta] Hey, it's Ketta.
-Leave me a message.
-[phone beeps]
Ketta, call me back.
It's-- it's Walt.
[♪ gentle music continues playing]
[indistinct chatter, exhaling sharply]
Hey, Ketta, it's-- it's me, Walt.
I was hoping we could talk again.
I'm-- I'm trying.
[kids chattering]
[sighs]
[both exhaling sharply]
Ketta, I love you.
[♪ gentle music playing]
[♪ music fades out]
Walt, what you doing down here, man?
Turk.
Man, week after week, man,
I'm on that damn computer,
and I still ain't found no job, man.
Look, these things take time.
Something gonna open up, man.
I'm sorry I don't got the answer for you,
but you can't just be showing up
down here to my job.
Hey, I ain't but one day away
from being on the street.
-Look, I understand that--
-You said you was gonna help me,
-man, what--
-Hey, man, calm down!
[Walt exhales]
-Hell wrong with you, Walt?
-Alright. My bad.
Stay positive!
I don't need this from you.
The minute one of these good old
white boys say something you don't like,
this is what you gonna do, Walt,
put your hands on 'em?
-Huh?
-My bad, no disrespect.
None taken.
But you better than that, dawg.
Come on, I ain't forgot about you,
and God ain't either.
The best I can do today
is introduce you to the foreman.
Come on. Tighten up.
[Walt sighs]
[Turk] Mr. Morris!
-What's up, Turk?
-I wanted to introduce you
to my friend Walt
I was telling you about.
-You said Walt?
-Yeah, Walt.
Walt Manigan, sir.
-Good to meet you, Walt.
-You too, you too.
Wow, man shows up
before he's hired.
Persistence and patience.
Impressive.
You know, you got a real friend in Turk.
Every morning, he been
in my damn ear about you.
-Is you ready to work?
-Re-- Uh, yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Ready, ready like--
like yesterday ready.
-I like this guy already.
-[Turk] Mm-hmm.
Let's say next Monday,
6:00 a.m. sharp.
You know the drill.
And if you on time...
-You late. [chuckles]
-...you late.
-Appreciate you, Mr. Morris.
-Thank-- thank you, sir.
Yeah. Stay positive, Walt.
Name all the members of NWA.
Dr. Dre, Eazy-E, Ice Cube,
MC Ren, and DJ Yella.
Bet you can't name
every last member in the Wu-Tang.
Ghost, Rae, Meth, Ol' Dirty,
GZA, RZA, Inspectah Deck,
U-God, Masta Killa, and Cappadonna.
-Dang!
-You want some more?
He just clowned your goofy ass.
Now, your ass wanna show us
some supreme knowledge.
Okay, you can stay.
-Don't get in your feelings, little guy.
-[clicking tongue]
Just study that purple tape
and holler at me afterwards.
Y'all better tighten up,
'cause I'm putting in that work.
Gonna be world champ one day!
Ha! Yo! He lost in his own
Usher video now.
[♪ romantic music playing]
[gloves hitting]
[Slim] Stay balanced.
Work your one. Work your one.
[Quincey] Come on, punk.
-I gonna put little man to sleep, Slim.
-Finish him!
[grunting]
[Twin]
Come on! Knock him out!
[Slim] Time.
Bow down.
You don't want this smoke!
Peanut! Come here, man.
Come here!
Ah, now this dude wanna be a hero.
You bigger than Quincey,
you're stronger than him, huh?
Use your power.
Stop letting him push you around, man.
You hear me? Say, "Yes, Coach."
-Yes, Coach.
-I don't believe you.
-Say, "Yes, Coach."
-Yes, Coach!
Alright, now listen to me.
Now, when he throw that right hand,
I want you to slip to the inside
and hit him in the body.
-Alright? Come on.
-[slapping]
-Shut his ass up.
-[Slim] Alright.
Ready? Box.
[gloves clapping together]
[Walt] Speed. Speed and defense, Peanut.
-[Quincey] Oh, yeah?
-[Walt] Come on.
-Use your feet, man, come on.
-[Quincey] Here come the boom, Slim!
-[Quincey grunts]
-[punch thuds]
[Walt] Ooh! Ooh!
[gloves slapping]
-[Peanut] Got him!
-Sure did.
More jab, less mouth. Alright?
[Walt] Come here.
Hey.
Look at me. Look at me.
Always fight back.
Always fight back. You hear me?
-Yes, Coach.
-Alright.
Thought I forgot about you?
[laughing]
Hey, baby. Come on.
-Let's go get Wop Wop inside.
-[Ketta] You trying to skate?
-You trying to skate?
-Come on. Go get him.
-[Ketta] Go on up there and see Lulu.
-Go inside, go inside, go inside!
-Let's go inside!
-[Ketta] Come on, y'all.
Let's go inside.
[Ketta] Oh, baby, you good?
-Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah.
[Chanel]
Oh my goodness.
-[Ketta] Here y'all go.
-Thank you.
Oh, this looks so good, Ketta.
-[Ketta] Okay, baby.
-[Wop Wop whining]
[Chanel] Alright.
Let's bless this food.
[Ketta] Alright.
Heavenly Father, thank You.
Thank You for...
[whispering] Thank you.
-Let's just eat this food.
-[Ketta] Mm-hmm.
-Okay?
-[Ketta chuckles]
God, you are still that same loyal person
since the day I met you
at Lamel Middle, Ketta.
How many times you been
on the other end of my phone
when I've been crying about whatever?
[Chanel chuckles]
Know you are my heart, my day one.
What?
-That's you trying to be messy.
-[Chanel] When are you gonna tell me?
Tell you what, Chanel?
[Chanel] Come with this tea
and stop playing with me.
-I don't know what you talking about.
-Yes, you do.
I'm not that sick.
Walt back, ain't he?
Wh-- okay.
-Walt back, yeah, and?
-[Chanel] And--
What does that mean?
What that gotta do with me?
I want you to get your man back.
That pride's gonna have you
old and dry.
-Dry?
-You know what I'm saying.
You can't punish Walt forever.
You wanna know something?
He done had mad opportunities.
Lots and lots of opportunities.
He won't talk to me, Chanel.
Ketta.
I don't know what
I'm supposed to do with that.
I...
-[fork clinking]
-[door opens]
-[Quincey] Mom?
-[door closes]
-[Chanel] There he is.
-[Quincey gasps]
Hey!
-Super Wop Wop!
-[Wop Wop exclaiming]
[Chanel] You help him
find his seat, baby?
-Hey, Big Lu!
-[Ketta] Hey, Quincey.
-Hi, Miss Ketta.
-Hey, baby. Mwah.
Oh! Such a long day!
[Chanel] Whoa, where's the water
and soap on them hands?
-[Ketta] Mm!
-You're right. My bad, Ma.
-[water running]
-[Ketta chuckles]
Quincey?
What's up? I heard you
and Peanut was buddies now.
Yeah, P cool.
-[Chanel] Mm-hmm.
-[Quincey gasps]
That looks so good.
I heard y'all got a new coach
down at the gym.
Got the kids 'round here
thinking they're the next Creed.
-[Quincey] Yeah, Coach Walt.
-[Chanel] Mm-hmm.
[Quincey] Didn't know how
to take him at first.
Don't be trusting no strangers.
But Slim say he cool,
and he cool.
He cool.
-[Ketta] Hm!
-[Chanel chuckles]
Coach Walt's Wop Wop daddy.
[Ketta] Why you gotta...
[gulping]
-What?!
-[Chanel] Mm-hmm.
-For real, real?
-[whispering] For real, real.
-That's crazy, Ma!
-Yeah, that is cra-- that's cra--
-[Quincey] What?!
-What are you doing?
So, when you and Coach Walt
gonna get back together, Miss Ketta?
Boy! Stay outta grown folk business.
But I was wondering
the same thing.
Okay. No, I see, okay.
Everybody listen up.
[Ketta clearing throat]
It's for serious.
Walt has been gone for a long time.
He has, you know.
He been gone for years.
So, I don't know if we ever
getting back together.
Ever.
-Okay.
-Now, fight between you and Peanut.
-Uh-oh.
-Who would win?
-Me. Obviously.
-[Ketta] And you and me?
Tell me why. Give me all the facts.
Tell me, tell me.
[Chanel] Don't get him started.
He's not gonna be able to eat--
And then, all of a sudden,
in the ring, Miss Ketta!
-You guys, you better keep it down.
-Boom!
-[Chanel] Not at the table.
-Whaaa!
-You better take this tomfoolery--
-Woop-woop-- oh! Oh! Oh!
Jab-jab, cross-cross.
Look at the baby.
[♪ gentle choral music playing]
-[kids shouting]
-[water splashing]
-Oh, yeah!
-Man, I'm mad hungry!
My stomach is rubbing my back!
I could dust off
a whole pizza right now!
-Y'all the boxers, right?
-[Quincey] Yeah, that's us.
What's up?
I'm Cool Q, nice to meet you ladies.
So, who's the best?
What do you mean?
What, you think
she's speaking Spanish, crew?
Which one of y'all is the best boxer?
-He look like he got the biggest muscles.
-[Quincey] What?!
That's all body fat, you see that?
You see these bazookas?
I open up a can of whoop-ass on them
every day in the gym, ladies!
Man, this kid be hitting air.
Man, sit your ass down!
My day off.
-Come on, man. Come on, man.
-All you do is splash water, bro.
-Come on, man!
-Chill!
[Peanut grumbling]
Lashawna, are you okay?
I-- I promise...
[Peanut groaning angrily]
[Turk and Walt grunting]
[conveyor belt whirring]
[trucks beeping]
♪ Oh, when they ask about me ♪
♪ Say I went out with a bang ♪
♪ Say I went out with a bang, bang ♪
[♪ "Bang" by Jacob Banks
and Tobe Nwigwe playing]
-♪ Bang ♪
-♪ Savor the moment ♪
Whoo, yeah!
♪ Cue up the violins ♪
♪ I hear the trumpets calling ♪
♪ Time is upon me ♪
♪ Bang ♪
[loud machinery whirring]
[breathing heavily]
-Hey, Walt.
-Yeah?
-You good, bruh?
-Yeah.
I been watching.
You moving kinda slow, ain't you?
Man, I'm just figuring it out.
-Nah.
-[grunting]
Come on, you obviously
in some type of pain.
Take a cigarette break with me.
Come on, dawg.
Talk to me, Walt.
I'm gonna be straight with you, man.
My damn back ain't no good.
Yeah, it's hard not to notice.
I'm alright, man.
I can-- I can pull my own weight.
I ain't questioning your grit.
I'm just saying you gotta
tell me what's going on.
That way, we can do something about it.
Here, you want one of these?
-So what, you the plug now? [scoffs]
-Nah, these are prescription.
I got l-legal from a doctor.
-What's going on with your back, man?
-Feel like needles in there, man.
You move any slower in here,
you ain't gonna be no good.
And if you ain't no good,
they gonna let you go.
Man, I ain't-- I ain't trying
to mess up your situation.
-No, you need to go see my doctor.
-Yeah, with what health insurance?
It's a free clinic.
[muffled whirring]
-[phone ringing]
-[secretary] Walter Manigan?
[doctor]
Describe the pain for me.
Like a knife in my back.
[inhales sharply]
The pain shoot down through my right leg
and down into my foot.
Can hardly get my shoe on
some mornings.
-Does it feel electrical?
-Mm-hmm.
Like a... burning heat.
Okay.
You have sciatic nerve pain.
-Sound like surgery to me.
-Well, it's about a 50/50.
First, we have to get the inflammation
and damage you've caused down.
-We'll start with methylprednisone.
-Hey, Doc, Doc.
-You should know--
-I should know what?
I got...
I got over three years clean.
And I'd rather stay in pain
than to jeopardize that.
[pharmacist]
Walter Manigan?
-You're Walter Manigan?
-I am.
Prescription's ready.
Be careful with those.
[♪ somber music playing]
[sighs]
[♪ somber music continues playing]
[whispering indistinctly]
[door opens]
[door closes]
I spent the last three
and a half years of my life
living in a silent grief.
[inhales deeply]
All that guilt from Little Walt's death
had never left me.
I gave all my time to boxing.
Not enough to him.
To bringing him up right.
I left it to you to do
that all by yourself, I...
For that, I am truly sorry.
Just please...
Please tell me
you still believe in us.
[♪ heartfelt music playing]
-[Peanut] Ma!
-[Peanut's mom] Hey!
-[Peanut] I got us some pizza.
-[Peanut's mom] Oh, okay! Thank you!
Your father came by
looking for you today.
For real?
How'd he look?
He looked fine.
Peanut, um...
he's a good person.
Just... some people get stuck.
How come you never say
anything bad about him?
Now, what good is that gonna do you?
You...
are a sweet, selfless soul.
It won't be long
before them fast little girls
come chasing after
my perfect gentleman.
Lord, help me.
Uh...
Excuse me.
Wait, you got a girlfriend now?
No, but I'm working on it,
so not yet.
I ain't even take her
on a date yet!
But I got plans, Ma.
She smiled at me.
[chuckles] And what did you do?
-I hit her with my finishing move.
-Your finishing move?
Yeah, like this.
Oh! [chuckles] P, come on.
Just be yourself.
Ask her out on a date first.
[car door slams loudly]
[groaning softly]
[Slim] You doing alright down there?
Yeah, just my back.
Nothing new.
You still gotta earn their trust.
They seeing you every day
and you giving 'em your time
is the first step. But now?
It's them knowing your story.
I don't know, man.
Yeah, you just gotta
give it to 'em straight.
Any one of these kids wanna know
how I fucked everything up,
all they gotta do
is go on the internet, man.
They don't need to sit around
listening to me tell some old sad story.
Well, they'll respect you
if you come clean about your past, Walt.
[softly] No, man.
The moment you do that, watch.
-God got plans for ya.
-[chuckles]
[♪ uplifting music playing]
[Slim] Oh, you got that easy.
We need to put another 24-inch up there.
Alright.
That's it. Keep your form.
Keep your form.
That's it, that's it.
Go!
Down and up!
You know, I've been asking God
to send me my help for a long time.
And sure enough...
one day, this man right here
come walking in.
That ain't no coincidence.
That's divine intervention.
Any of you know
what I'm talking about?
It's when the universe,
when God got bigger plans
for you, ain't it, Coach?
Yeah! Oh!
You sounding like Marcus Garvey.
Yeah.
Well, I want y'all to hear...
what divine intervention sounds like.
Coach?
[♪ compelling music playing]
Alright, um...
[clearing throat]
Um, I know there's been a lot of questions
going around the gym about me.
And, um...
in order to win, can't be no secrets
between the fighter
and his-- and his coach.
So, y'all go ahead
and ask what you want.
I'm a open book.
Why'd you go to prison?
Drugs.
Selling 'em and using 'em.
Y'all probably wonder why
if I know so much about boxing,
it took me so long
to give you what I got.
My son, he, uh...
he got killed on his 18th birthday...
following in my footsteps.
Not a day go by
that I don't blame myself for his death.
And when I look at y'all, I see him.
What he could have become.
I see y'all becoming men,
and he ain't get that chance
'cause I failed as a father.
Never thought I'd say this, but...
I think God gave me
my purpose back in this gym.
So, you done found
Jesus overnight, Coach?
I found my fight again.
It's in each and every one of y'all.
Back in the day,
DC would always compete
at the regionals
and junior nationals
down in West Virginia.
I'll make a deal with you.
If y'all can see past my mistakes...
I promise you I'll give you
everything I got.
And each and every last one of y'all
will be in every fight until the end.
-That alright?
-[all] Yes, Coach!
-Yes, Coach!
-[Walt] Lock in!
-Lock in!
-[Walt] Lock in! Lock in!
-Lock in! Lock in!
[Walt] Let's go! Come on!
-[all clapping]
-[Slim] Yeah, you alright.
[Walt] Get loose. Let your hands go.
-[kids chattering]
-[sneaker squeaking]
Hey, park that right hand right there.
One, two, three!
Boom! One, two, three, two!
Boom!
One, two, three, two!
That's what I'm talking about.
One, two, one, two!
Turn around, come back this way.
Hey.
Listen here.
Y'all have to understand
these combinations like breathing.
-Slip
-[all] [softly] Yes, Coach.
-You hear me? Slip. Alright.
-[all] Yes, Coach!
Duck!
Duck! [grunts] Slip!
Alright, fellas. [grunting]
Welcome to the phone booth.
Come on. P, Q, get up here.
Left foot in.
Get in your boxing stance.
Hands up, bend your knees.
Alright, I wanna see you pivot.
Come on, turn.
Alright, again.
Again.
Stay balanced, man.
Stay balanced.
Again.
Boom. Again, one more time.
One, two, three, two.
Now, the numbers are the code.
You master the code,
you master your opponent.
Down. Up!
Pull. Pull.
Turn it over. One, two, one, two!
One, two, one, two!
Work, work.
Get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up!
Y'all gotta own the ring.
-Say it with me, own the ring.
-[all] Own the ring!
-Own the ring!
[Walt] You may hate my methods,
but you gonna love the results.
Keep 'em up. Keep 'em up.
Keep 'em up. Work, work, work!
No fighter in the last round
is gonna outlast us, you hear me?
[all] Yes, Coach!
Pain makes perfection, men.
-You hear me?
-[all] Yes, Coach!
[Walt] You will commit!
Day by day. Two, five, two!
Brick by brick. Work. Up!
The only question is...
Down!
...will you lock in?
Work!
-Yep. Lock in.
-[all] Lock in!
-Lock in!
Come on.
-Lock in.
-[all] Lock in.
-[Walt] Lock in!
-Lock in!
-[all] Lock in!
Felicia Ashley here live in Southeast DC
with Slim Richardson
and Walt Manigan, and the boys
-of the Congress Park Rec Center...
-Bricks up!
...after a quite unique
and odd training method...
-Yes.
-...with bricks of all things. Now, Slim.
-Yeah.
-Explain this to me.
[Slim] Yeah, well, they're tearing down
our communities
and, uh, a-and rebuilding,
pushing the kids out.
We training real hard for this
big tournament up in West Virginia,
so we just trying to get as much
attention as we can for the boys.
Get the whole city behind it.
[Felicia] And Walt, what about you?
I mean, bricks.
[Walt] Yeah, that's right.
Me and Slim,
we see it as a real opportunity
for the boys.
Uh, you know, so...
Hey, hey, hey, fellas, come over here!
Circle up!
-You know, one man's trash...
-Come on.
...is another man's treasure
kind of thing.
So, we got all the bricks we can find
and, uh, you know,
using 'em to build
our boys' foundations with 'em.
-Lock in!
-[all] Southeast!
-Lock in! Lock in!
-Southeast! Southeast!
Yeah.
Alright, well,
there you have it, everyone.
Live in Southeast DC,
training with bricks,
Felicia Ashley DC17.
[knocking softly]
[muffled footsteps approaching]
[door opens]
[♪ soft music playing]
Welcome to the Junior Regionals
Boxing Tournament.
Young amateur fighters
are stepping into the ring today
displaying pure heart and hustle.
Now, whoever's lucky enough
to advance today
will be eligible to fight
in the Junior National Invitational
in Charleston, West Virginia.
♪ What you do it for?
If you ain't tryna get it up ♪
♪ What you pursue it for?
If you ain't in it for the top ♪
♪ Then what you shooting for?
If you ain't playing for my team ♪
[Michael Eaves]
Now, for these coaches,
it's a razor thin line
between winning...
-[bell dinging]
-[cheering and applause]
...and losing.
And for the kids, well,
they're the pride of their cities.
And many of these young competitors
are just starting their boxing careers.
At this level,
it's not always about winning
as much as it is about
showing up to compete.
♪ Yeah, push on that vision,
I crafted the recipe ♪
♪ Step to that mission,
complacent I'll never be ♪
♪ Nah, nah, nah, nah,
there's sense in the duel ♪
♪ Kill everything
till I'm charged with a felony ♪
Hey, focus.
It's you.
It's you, man. That's it!
Alright? Breathe in.
[inhales deeply]
Let it out slow.
[Michael]
Each bout is three rounds
with a one-minute rest in between.
Fighters score points...
-Fight!
-...with clean punches to the front
and sides of the head and body.
No shot below the belts,
no holding, and no hitting
after the break.
[Slim] Alright, alright.
Pivot! Pivot on it!
Pivot on it! Yeah, that's it!
Throw that jab!
Keep your hands up!
Keep your hands up, that's it!
Turn him! Turn him, turn him!
-Hands up, hands up!
-[grunting]
[Slim] That's it, that's it!
[Walt] Let's go, Peanut!
[Slim] Peanut, go right back at his ass!
Broad stance,
and then shoot that brick!
[Walt] Stay locked in, P.
Stay locked in. You got this.
[Slim] Your body shots are crushing!
Twin, get up on that kid!
-Get up on that kid!
-[grunting]
Q, let your hands go, man, come on!
[Walt] Get up to the body.
To the body!
Come on, man!
-[grunting]
-Smoke that kid!
-[loud thud]
-[Twin groans]
[crowd reacting]
[referee] Seven! Eight!
-[Slim] Alright, that's it.
-[bell dinging]
[Walt] Alright, go. Stay disciplined!
[Slim] That's it! That's it!
[bell dinging]
[referee] Alright, good round.
You think speed, alright?
We talked about this.
Hey, hey.
Get your money and be gone.
Stop looping your punches, man.
Straight shots.
[grunting]
Focus. [hitting mat]
I wanna see that dog
come out, you hear me?
-[gloves thwacking]
-[Slim] That's it, Q!
Yeah! Yeah, that's it!
That's what I'm talking about!
Shit, he ain't got nothing on you.
Get up on that kid.
-Get in there.
-Throw your hands!
-[bell dinging]
-[referee] Time! Time!
Come on, come on, Peanut, tap in.
Listen, when they got 10 seconds,
you gotta let your hands go.
But that's good.
-Come on. You're in good shape.
-Yeah.
-[♪ expectant music playing]
-[crowd cheering]
Good job. Yeah.
That's what I'm talking about. Good job.
[announcer]
And the winner is...
And in the red corner,
representing Southeast DC,
Congress Park Rec,
-Quincey Williams!
-Yes! Yes!
[cheering and applause]
Raghaleek "Peanut" Bartee!
-[cheering and applause]
-[Walt thumping canvas]
Hell yeah.
[cheering and applause continues]
Told you, man. You got this.
Look, some of these kids,
they just enjoy the sport, right?
They love amateur boxing.
But then, you got those other kids
that got that dog in them, you know?
-[chuckles] That's right.
-Kinda like I had when I was coming up.
I mean, but this is USA boxing.
-That's right.
-And it all starts here.
And I'm gonna tell you what
the great Iron Mike Tyson said to me.
[chuckles]
"Everybody's got a plan until
you get punched in the mouth."
[door closes]
[♪ tense, somber music playing]
[♪ somber music continues playing]
[monitors beeping]
[breathing heavily]
[indistinct chatter]
-Welcome back.
-Hey, baby.
[Wop Wop babbling]
-[phone buzzing]
-[Walt chuckles]
Quincey?
What's wrong?
Oh-- slow-- What's wrong?
Okay, okay. L-- No, no. Oh.
-We gotta go.
-What happened?
-We gotta go get Quincey.
-What's wrong?
Ketta, what's wrong?
[♪ tense, somber music playing]
[♪ tense, somber music
continues playing]
Yeah!
Lulu.
I'm gonna miss you, okay?
[kiss smacks]
[car door opens and closes]
[car starting]
[car driving away]
[chuckles] You just gonna push
that food around on your plate, Q,
or you gonna eat it?
Hey, you know the fellas
miss you, man.
Hey, if you lock back in,
I think we can--
we gonna have
a real shot at this thing.
I ain't fighting no more.
Could care less about it,
you, or anybody.
Boxing's still supposed to be
important to me right now, Walt?
Since when you stopped
calling me Coach?
Q, when-- when that happen?
[sighs] My mom just died.
So, right now, I could give
zero fucks about your pep talk.
[utensil hitting plate]
-Watch your mouth, man.
-[Ketta] Okay.
Okay. Everybody.
Quincey. Quincey.
You know your mama
was more to me than just a friend.
She was my sister.
So, that means I got you forever.
Okay?
-[Quincey sighs]
-[Ketta] We got you forever.
[Walt] Hey, man, listen.
If you scared, say you scared.
Walt.
Is that what it is?
If you scared, say you scared.
[chair scraping]
[feet stomping]
[door opens]
[door slamming shut]
What are you doing?
-What?
-What-- That's not it, man.
It's our job to make sure
that boy's dreams don't ever die.
All this, what, tough talk
or whatever?
That ain't it. It's not.
[door creaking open]
[door slams shut]
[fork clatters]
[scale rattling]
107?
Man, what you been eating?
[Slim]
Oh, this is bad, P.
You gotta fight your battles
outside the ring
just as much as in.
Okay, sacrifice, commitment, dedication.
We talked about this, man.
Come on.
Them words don't ring a bell to you?
Coach, I swear I've been eating clean.
Hop back on the scale, man.
[scale rattling]
-[Slim scoffs]
-[Walt] 107.
[Slim] You thinking what I'm thinking?
[Walt] Mm-hmm.
[Slim] [softly] Tell him.
[Walt exhales slowly]
You know this mean that you could
face off against Quincey.
If you both advance.
He's more disciplined
than you, Peanut.
He ain't never had
no trouble on the scale.
[Peanut] It don't even matter.
He ain't coming back.
You pick your head up.
Quincey or no Quincey.
We put you in that ring, you win it.
-You hear me?
-Yes, Coach.
[knocking at door]
[Walt] Can I get a minute?
I come in peace.
Q, I'm sorry about your mom.
You know, it look like you and, um,
you and Peanut might have to face off
against each other.
What, you just gonna give it to him?
I ain't never known you
to be no quitter.
Go ahead.
-Go ahead, I know you wanna.
-[Quincey grunting angrily]
Go ahead. That's all you got?
-Come on! Come on.
-[Quincey grunts angrily]
-Aw, come on, man.
That's not all you got.
You can do better than that.
-Come on! Come on!
-[Quincey whimpers]
[Quincey sobbing]
It's gonna be alright.
I'm sorry.
[Peanut exhaling sharply]
[Peanut's dad] Hey.
Big guy.
Holla at your old man,
would you, baby?
Hey, Dad.
I hear you learning that
sweet science, ain't you?
Yeah. Think I'm getting
pretty good at it.
I love hearing that.
My son.
That gym will teach you a lot
I never got the opportunity to, Peanut.
I mean, you should come
see me fight then.
[Peanut's dad] I really want to, man.
Just started this new gig,
they won't give me the time off, you know?
It's okay.
You can come to the next one.
You got a couple dollars
you can let your old man borrow?
Nah.
Buy everything with my phone.
True.
True, true, true, true.
You know, I ain't never won anything, man.
No trophies.
No nothing, just...
Getting my clothing line
off the ground.
That's my big win.
Huh, what you say, Peanut?
How come you never married Mom?
Okay, Peanut, you know,
you should get back at it.
[train horn blaring in distance]
[♪ intense music playing]
[exhaling sharply]
[♪ intense music continues]
[♪ music stops abruptly]
[slurping]
[Slim] Mm.
[Walt sighs]
[Slim slurping]
[sighs]
The chopsticks make it taste better.
Yeah, no shit, I can tell
with all that smacking you in here doing.
Hm. [slurping loudly]
[Slim smacks lips]
[Walt chuckles softly]
-You get Q back?
-Nah, man. Nothing.
This moment
is either gonna break him
or break him through.
Ah, just make no sense to me.
Well, that's the kettle
calling the pot black.
"The temptation to quit is greatest
right before you are to succeed."
That's a Chinese proverb.
Your ass ain't Chinese.
Your ass ain't shit.
Mm. [slurps]
Don't hate the messenger, asshole.
Them rich people ready to move
back to the city from the suburbs.
One month.
Then, we gone.
Well...
let's go out with a bang, Slim.
[train horn blaring in distance]
[dog barking]
Can we just go?
[door opens]
[♪ compelling music playing]
[car door sliding closed]
[car starting]
[♪ compelling music continues]
[Michael] Now, here's how
the invitational works.
All a competitor has to do
is win their first-round matchup,
and they advance
into a championship bout
within their respective divisions.
In other words, every kid
is just two fights away
from going home
with some hardware.
Here we go, boys. Come on.
Bruh.
Yo, you been up all night?
Can't sleep, P.
Nah. Your ass nervous, nervous.
Hell nah.
[Peanut] Don't lose focus, bruh.
If you sad and angry,
just let it out.
[Quincey] Guess you're right, P.
You wanna tell me about myself.
Then, I'll tell you about you.
You're afraid to be great.
I won't let anybody stop me.
Not even you, if it comes to it.
What makes this tournament so special
is that USA Boxing
showcases every level
of amateur fighting.
You'll witness kids
in their very first national showcase
all the way up to the more skilled boxers
fighting for a shot
at the US Junior Olympic team.
It's win or go home.
[♪ tense, suspenseful music playing]
[bell dings]
[♪ tense, suspenseful music
continues playing]
[crowd cheering]
-[bell dings]
-Fight!
[crowd cheering]
[♪ tense, suspenseful music
continues playing]
[crowd cheering]
[bell dinging]
[♪ tense, suspenseful music
continues playing]
[crowd cheering]
[bell dinging]
[bell dings]
[Slim] Come on, elbow!
That's it, yeah!
Alright. Set up your one, two.
[Slim] Come on, Peanut!
-That's it!
-[loud thwack]
[crowd cheering]
[punches thudding]
Good shot.
Yes!
Let's go! Yeah!
-Take a full mouth. Spit it out.
-Spit it out.
-Let them hands go, P!
-[Walt] There you go.
Come on, man, move your feet!
Step, one, two.
[bell dinging]
-[♪ suspenseful music playing]
-[crowd shouting]
-[Slim] Yeah!
-[bell dinging]
-[Quincey cheering excitedly]
-[cheering and applause]
[Quincey] Yeah!
[Slim] Come on, P.
You got one more, kid.
One more.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[pills rattling]
[bottle snaps shut]
[Peanut sighs,
exhales sharply]
What you got, Coach?
'Cause I got nothing.
[locker banging]
May the best man win, then.
Hey, P. You fight your fight.
Guess I ain't got no choice
in who corner I'm in now.
-Alright, Coach.
-Alright.
P, you can beat him.
Now, Quincey gonna wanna turn it
into a slug fest, alright?
But that ain't your game.
Your feet faster. Come here.
You defend better.
Alright? And he know that.
Now, I want you to keep Quincy moving.
Alright, make him come to you.
Time out, then boom!
-[grunting softly]
-Yeah, there you go.
Light his ass up.
-It's time to lock in.
-Yes, Coach!
Let's get it. Come on.
[Michael] What are the chances two kids
from the same boxing program
go head to head
in their very first invitational?
Talk about a tough spot
for these coaches,
because there can only be
one winner after three rounds.
-[crowd cheering]
-[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[cheering and applause continues]
[crowd] Southeast!
South, Southeast! Southeast!
South, Southeast!
[Slim] Patience, Q.
They're gonna want you to brawl.
But you work
through your combinations.
Don't get caught up in the moment.
-Stay disciplined. Alright?
-Yes, Coach.
Throw your combos.
-[crowd cheering]
-[♪ suspenseful music continues playing]
Come on, P! Come on, P!
Come on, Q!
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[bell dings]
-[referee] Box.
-[loud mechanical clicking]
[crowd cheering]
[Quincey grunting]
-[gloves thwacking]
-[crowd reacting]
-[bell dinging]
-[referee] Time!
-Corners!
-Come on, man!
That's all you got?
I knocked your ass
on the ground, bruh!
You ain't doing nothing!
[breathing heavily]
-[bell dings]
-Box!
[loud mechanical clicking]
[♪ engrossing music playing]
[gloves thwacking]
[mechanical clicking]
-[bell dinging]
-There you go, P, there you go!
Whoo!
Hey, we got an upset in the making, baby.
P! P! P! Hey!
Keep digging, alright?
Quincey ain't got no power left.
Now, stay in your sequences, alright?
Nothing crazy.
Boom, boom, boom.
And you going home a champ.
-Yeah, let's go.
-[Slim] Now, this is it, Q.
You gotta dominate this round
if you're gonna have any chances
with the judges.
Now, box his ass!
-Throw them hands, king!
-[bell dinging]
[crowd cheering loudly]
Come on, Q! Fight me!
-Fight me!
-[loud mechanical clicking]
[♪ engrossing music playing]
[♪ music intensifying]
[referee] Enough.
That's enough!
[♪ engrossing music continues]
[bell dings]
[♪ music fades out]
[loud mechanical clicking]
The official scoring is as follows.
Judge number one
scored it 30-29.
Judge number two
scored it even, 30-30.
And judge number three
scored it 30-29 as well.
The winner by majority decision...
from Congress Park Rec Center
in Southeast DC,
he is the new ring king,
Quincey Williams!
[cheering and applause]
[cheering and applause continues]
-[Slim] Yeah!
-[cheering and applause continues]
[♪ heartfelt music playing]
[cheering and applause continues]
[crowd] [voices echoing]
Southeast! South, Southeast!
[voices fading]
[Walt]
I've done the work on myself,
and I know I'm, uh,
I'm still a-- a work in progress.
I need my family.
Please, please give 'em back to me.
[board member 1]
What's your plan, Mr. Manigan?
Get myself a job.
Make things right with, uh, Ketta--
My, uh, my son's mother.
And just be there. Be home.
And walk my son to school
every morning.
God willing.
[exhales deeply]
[Peanut] I'm proud of you, Coach.
[♪ heartfelt music playing]
[inhales sharply]
[bottle clattering]
[sobbing]
[exhaling sharply, sniffling]
[whispering] Lock in.
[♪ "Healing" by James Emmanuel playing]
♪ I would be lying
if I said everything was okay ♪
♪ Those were the words in your letters
and it broke my heart ♪
-♪ To hear you're in pain ♪
-Dearly beloved,
we are gathered together
here in the sight of God
and in the face of His company
to join together this man
and this woman
in Holy matrimony.
Walter, will you have this woman
to be thy wedded wife,
to live together
after God's ordinance
in the Holy estate of matrimony?
I do.
[officiate] Ketta.
Will you take this man
to be thy wedded husband,
to live together
after God's ordinance
in the Holy estate of matrimony?
I do.
[officiate] You may kiss your bride.
[cheering and applause]
-[Peanut] Whoo!
-[Quincey laughing]
[Ketta laughing]
I now introduce to you
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Manigan!
-Yeah!
-[cheering and applause]
[sighs heavily]
Here you go, Lashawna.
These flowers are for you.
Hey, Lashawna, how's your day been?
Here's some flowers
that are as beautiful as you.
[knocking]
-Hi!
-Hi.
Uh...
[chuckles] Thanks.
You wanna, uh, go for a walk?
Sure.
So, I like the-- I like the Jordans.
Thanks.
I think they-- they might be
giving you a height boost
'cause you're-- you're a little
taller than me.
♪ Oh, my brother ♪
[Lashawna laughing]
♪ Why are you treating
our sisters this way ♪
♪ Think of our mothers ♪
♪ Well, don't you imagine
what they'd have to say ♪
♪ Why don't you be a man ♪
♪ And give her
the best that you can ♪
♪ I want to be your man ♪
♪ Like I should ♪
Oh, well, uh, I want to make a difference
in not just, uh,
Peanut and Quincey's lives,
but I want to make a difference
in a lot of kids' lives.
Miss Ketta is here, you know?
And I'm gonna root for you,
I'm gonna be screaming
on the side of the--
the side of the ring
like I am your mother,
your grandmother,
your aunt, and your uncle,
and your cousin, too.
My name Quincey Williams
and I'm 13 years old
and they call me Body Snatcher.
I got Peanut by, um, my coach.
Um, he said I had a peanut head,
so that's why.
This gym, Ferebee-Hope
Recreation Center,
it's not the best gym.
We-- we use what we can use.
The neighborhood,
it's not very good.
We going right back at his ass,
whether you touch him here,
come with that extension,
and then come back upstairs with
the hook again, and then shoot the bird.
[♪ uplifting music playing]